{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6700\c6700\c6700;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15540\viewh14040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 ---------------- Being fixed  ----------------------\
  heroku login \
\
\
\
 The remaining tasks (database query optimization, deprecated file removal, template organization, and test\
  data separation) are now ready for future implementation phases when needed.\
\
---------------- Back logs ----------------------\
- Actual tests -> responding to real answers???\
- Google, kakapo dev approval -\
\
\
\
------------ The magic words -------------\
\
\
LINE-BY-LINE FORENSIC INVESTIGATION\
\
\'97\'97\
Activate chrome MCP integration. Ensure chrome MCP server will be fully integrated.\
  The complete setup guide is saved at: /Users/ian/Desktop/VIBECODE/PrimePath/CHROME_MCP_NEW_SESSION_SETUP.md\
Log in credentials: ID: teacher1, PW: teacher123\
\
  npm i -g @modelcontextprotocol/server-puppeteer\
  claude mcp add puppeteer npx @modelcontextprotocol/server-puppeteer --scope user --env PUPPETEER_HEADLESS=true\
  --env PUPPETEER_ARGS="--headless=new --disable-gpu --no-sandbox --disable-dev-shm-usage --no-first-run \
  --no-default-browser-check --user-data-dir=/tmp/cc-mcp-chrome"\
  claude mcp list\
  cd primepath_project\
  ../venv/bin/python manage.py runserver 127.0.0.1:8000 --settings=primepath_project.settings_sqlite\
\
  This ensures you get headless browser automation without focus interruption every time! 
\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u57225 
\f0  \
\
\
44daacd\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 NEW FEATURE
\f0\b0 \
Thoroughly investigate on how we can achieve this feature without changing any of the existing  features .  Have a contextual understanding why this feature of fix is needed. Take a step back and examine if the suggest path to achieve this could affect other features or codebase. Analyze the current code base - including the front and backend. Ensure to check all files and folders including the apps. Ensure to identify the relationship between each interaction to avoid disrupting, editing, altering, or deleting other features,  code, or interactions. Cover views, urls, models, settings, as well as the frontend html css and etc.  repeat after me to confirm if you understood what i'm demanding correctly. elaborate each relationship and use examples for complex relationships. no coding just reiterate my command. be concise. No coding.\
\
\
\
Thoroughly investigate. Ultra-deep analyze. 
\fs28 Give it your all.
\fs36 \
\

\f2\b INVESTIGATE
\f0\b0 \
Understand why this issue is taking place without changing any of the existing  features. Take a step back and examine if this issue could be affecting other features or codebase. Analyze the current code base - including the front and backend. Ensure to check all files and folders including the apps. Ensure to identify the relationship between each interaction to avoid disrupting, editing, altering, or deleting other features,  code, or interactions. Cover views, urls, models, settings, as well as the frontend html css and etc. Confirm your understanding of the problem and share your plans to resolve this issue. Ensure that you make use of chrome MCP server to investigate. Log in credentials: ID: teacher1, PW: teacher123. Be concise. No coding.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs28 \cf2 --dangerous-skip-permissions
\f0\b0\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 IMPLEMENT FIX
\f0\b0  \
\
Let us implement this without changing any of the existing  features. Take a deep breath and think step-by-step and do not hold back. Analyze the current code base, including the front and back. Ensure no other features or UI will be affected. Again, no new features should otherwise be introduced unless instructed. Ensure to check all files and folders, including the app. Ensure to identify and preserve the relationship between each interaction so as to avoid disrupting editing, altering or deleting other features code or interactions. None of the existing features should ever be affected. No part of desktop viewport level should be affected or touched. Cover views, URLs models settings, as well as the front HTML and CSS, JS. Make sure to add robust console log debugging measures. Ensure that you make use of the chrome MCP server to investigate and implement fix where relevant, and run a series of comprehensive QC. Log in credentials - ID: teacher1, PW: teacher123. QC as if you are a real person on the UI. ensure that you access what I can see on the screen. Ensure that our fix is not a quick fix or a Band-Aid fix, meaning that we should avoid technical debt at all costs. 
\f3\b\fs28 \cf2 --dangerous-skip-permissions
\f0\b0\fs36 \cf0 \
\
\
Double check if any of the existing features were affected. \
\
\
UI\
Ensure this will not change any of the existing functions and features. The only thing you can change is html and css. Your goal is UI optimization. You are a seasoned senior meta UI UX engineer. Analyze what we have and think critically.   Take a deep breath and think step-by-step and do not hold back. nsure to identify and preserve the relationship between each interaction so as to avoid disrupting editing, altering or deleting other features code or interactions. None of the existing features should ever be affected. No part of desktop viewport level should be affected or touched. nsure that you make use of the chrome MCP server to investigate and implement fix where relevant, and run a series of comprehensive QC. Log in credentials - ID: teacher1, PW: teacher123. QC as if you are a real person on the UI. ensure that you access what I can see on the screen. Ensure that our fix is not a quick fix or a Band-Aid fix, meaning that we should avoid technical debt at all costs. 
\f3\b\fs28 \cf2 --dangerous-skip-permissions
\f0\b0\fs36 \cf0 \
\
Plan model \
Ask claude to write test on features\
Ask for TDD - Test driven development\
Man file clean up and optimization\
\
Open source best UI practices - research \
\
Plan mode \
\
Think < think hard < think harder < ultra think\
\
-------------Others -------------\
\
\
Let us do a comprehensive investigation across the application. \
\
\
I suspect there are still lots of outdated, duplicate and confusingly named files in the project folder. Also, there are files from quick fixes - most of which are outdated, redundant (e.g., .md files). Also, there are unusaful backups. Also, in terms of the actual code base, there are loads of duplicate lines, blocks of lines that essentially do the same thing and are redundant. There are lines of code that are not modular and super inefficient. There are templates and files that are misleading, with confusing names, almost duplicate files serving similar purposes, outdated and corrupted files. The confusing names (files, models, templates, code blocks etc) are the result of inconsistent naming (e.g., monthly test vs monthly exam vs review test vs review exam - all same things) from instructions, quick-fixes, and architectural issues. Essentially, the program is poorly built. We need a comprehensive fix. \
\
Note that we have tried to clean up thoroughly multiple times before this.\
\
Think ultra hard. Ultra-deep think.\
\
You are a tech lead from meta and google. You used to be a full stack engineer, product owner and ui ux designer.\
\
Take a deep breath and think step-by-step and do not hold back. Analyze the current code base, including the front and back. Ensure no other features or UI will be affected. Again, no new features should otherwise be introduced unless instructed. Ensure to check all files and folders, including the app. Ensure to identify and preserve the relationship between each interaction so as to avoid disrupting editing, altering or deleting other features code or interactions. None of the existing features should ever be affected. No part of desktop viewport level should be affected or touched. Cover views, URLs models settings, as well as the front HTML and CSS, JS. Make sure to add robust console log debugging measures. Ensure that you make use of the chrome MCP server to investigate and implement fix where relevant, and run a series of comprehensive QC. Log in credentials - ID: teacher1, PW: teacher123. QC as if you are a real person on the UI. ensure that you access what I can see on the screen. Ensure that our fix is not a quick fix or a Band-Aid fix, meaning that we should avoid technical debt at all costs. 
\f3\b\fs28 \cf2 --dangerous-skip-permissions
\f0\b0\fs36 \cf0 \
\
\
}